Docs into new template files (#1205)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: edifact-edi/2.1/modules/ROOT/pages/edifact-edi-connector-reference.adoc

| Repetition separator | String |  Repetition separator character. |  * |
| Segment terminator | String |  Segment terminator character. |  ' |
| Release character | String |  Release character. |  ? |

> | Enforce length limits | Boolean |  Enforce minimum and maximum lengths for receive values. If true, a message with values too long or too short is rejected. If set to false, uses the values and the transaction is not rejected. In either case the error is logged and reported in CONTRL functional acknowledgments. |  true |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Enforce length limits | Boolean |  Enforce minimum and maximum lengths for receive values. If true, a message with values that are too long or too short is rejected. If set to false, the values and the transaction are not rejected. In either case, the error is logged and reported in CONTRL functional acknowledgments. |  true |
```

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required

> | Initial Buffer Size | Number | This is the amount of memory to allocate to consume the stream and provide random access to it. If the stream contains more data than can fit into thr buffer, it expands according to the `bufferSizeIncrement` attribute, with an upper limit of `maxInMemorySize`. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Initial Buffer Size | Number | This is the amount of memory to allocate to consume the stream and provide random access to it. If the stream contains more data than can fit into the buffer, it expands according to the `bufferSizeIncrement` attribute, with an upper limit of `maxInMemorySize`. |  |
```
